Hello, you beautiful sons of bitches!
From Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California, Harmontown is now in session.
I'd like to do the lights.
Welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
It's probably not that different for them, but the lighting is very different for the
performer tonight.
They're shooting different kinds of stuff in here lately.
Are they shooting like an autopsy scene?
There is what seems to be the light Quincy used to figure out how people got killed above
me.
I'm fine with it and I'm sure I look great, but it's just funny how the little things
kind of throw you.
I like these though.
Maybe for D&D we could get these little kind of groovy old Tesla, like your early Edison
lights.
Yeah, well Zach was taking me through and he's got full control over every single bulb
in the building.
Zach, can you take us through a couple of moods right now?
Here's his list of moods you can accomplish with his controls.
There's this one and there you go.
I'm sure those of you listening at home understand that what we did was the old joke where there's
two things.
One of them was light bulbs on, one was light bulbs off.
Oh no, but they can be slowly dimmed.
Such a terrifying effect, it's kind of nice.
Alright Jeff.
Yes Dan?
What I learned from the last couple of episodes is that this is going to be a segment driven
show now.
We've got segments, segments, segments.
No tangents, more segments.
Alright, so here's our new segment called, it's called Help Me Help Myself.
See people love it.
They love segments.
So I need help with a couple of things.
Facebook, help me with Facebook.
Here's my dilemma.
I've got lots of fucking problems with Facebook.
So I have a Facebook account, I have at this point, I don't know, let's just say 42,000
friends.
I'm putting air quotes around friends of course because what that really means is like fans
who I considered friends and who I certainly treat better than most of my friends.
My Facebook page is, I never go to it and the inbox is just full of, you know, people
going like, hey, I met you at such and such, it sort of renders Facebook's actual usefulness
kind of neutral.
It doesn't really, Facebook isn't really useful for me.
So I never go to it and the syndrome continues.
So I'm just wondering what the hell I'm supposed to do, should, this is a question you can't
really ask without sounding like an asshole because you're like kind of humble bragging,
aren't you?
You're going like, somebody, what should I do?
Because there's people that have the fan things, like, oh, this is the Ronald McDonald
fan page.
I'm a follower of Ronald McDonald, I'm not his friend though, and then there's Ronald
McDonald's actual Facebook page, I assume, where he's like, I fucked, I fucked Grimace
last night.
Check it out, here's a picture of it, and he's like, you know, and it's cool, it's fine
because it's like, it's only the fry guys and like, hamburger, or like, yeah, and he
leaves a comment, says, Robble, Robble, and like, and, and, and, and, you know, Birdie,
Birdie, Birdie liked this.
Birdie likes everything.
Moonhead, Moonhead's performing at the piano bar again.
Was he just Mack, what was his name?
I don't know, Mack, yeah, Mack.
Mack tonight?
Mack, Mack, Mack of Desperation, uh, that was the dark chapter of McDonald's, otherwise
bright and shining, delightful, entertaining, cavalcade of characters.
So are you asking, should you be more, should you treat Facebook more like a band would?
I need to do something, I need, I need, I need someone to Facebook coach me, I need
to, I need somebody to say, here's what you do, take your existing account with your 48
million, whatever's, you know, do you convert that into a thing?
Or do you, do you have to go through and, I think if you're a friend, you have to break
up a 48 million.
I have to, I have to, I have to, I have to go, I have to make an announcement, and this
is a thing that like LA stand-ups like go through and like, like they, I think sometimes
because I've heard stories, that's the other thing that has me gun-shy is that people go
like, well my name's Dave Johnson, and I, they go like, oh man, I'm, you know what,
I'm gonna change my Facebook account to a fan account, and then all the friends are
like, fuck you, and it's, it's, you know, there's a, it's not exciting to the audience
at all.
And I don't know why, I thought it would be, I thought maybe a Facebook expert could come
up and help me, that would be amazing.
Let's move on.
I mean, I would, I would guess that if we asked my applause, you would get several Facebook
experts that would be quite happy to help you on that.
And who would be quite proud to be Facebook experts, I'm sure.
Facebook for me, because like, I was always, you know, like notoriously single, and I have
a girlfriend, but Facebook, the only, like, perceivable benefit that ever was was you could
go look up a picture of a girl you saw last night.
You could type in her name and, and, and a couple triangulating bits of information,
you go, oh okay, she was cute, or maybe she, she's a weirdo, she has a, a, a tattoo of
a racial slur on her forehead, or like, but like, as somebody has, like, I have no, I
have no use for it.
Now, now I get in trouble, I got in trouble a little bit, not really a joking trouble
with my girlfriend today, because she was, she loves Facebook, because she's from Scotland.
So it's like, she keeps in touch with her friends and family for free.
That's great.
I, I'm from here, I, I see all the people I like.
I like three people from school and one of them is coming on the show tonight, and anyone
else I don't really need to talk to, but I am, because of you, I've been playing Heyday,
that little game where you make a little farm, and she's like, oh, so you like Katie's farm,
huh?
I'm like, what?
It's like, I, I click like and it tells everybody I know that I like to farm.
That's the fucking worst thing.
Yeah.
I don't want to know about my Facebook Heyday paper trail.
I mean, I'm proud of my candy crush paper trail, because I put a lot of fucking work
in on that.
Do you want help?
Do you want help with your apple tree?
Uh, yeah.
Well, fuck it.
I want help with my apple tree.
I don't know that that means that it's like, I don't know, just an old, no country for
old men, this internet, um, it's just too goddamn busy and it changes too much.
And I know it's like, it's just too much shit going on on it.
And the pictures are always like, every time you try to look at pictures, it's different.
Yeah.
I don't like it.
All right.
Fuck Facebook.
That's the conclusion.
I don't need help with Facebook.
Fuck Facebook.
Fuck the movie about Facebook.
I like that movie.
That's a good movie.
No.
Fuck you.
Oh, okay.
That's fine.
That's valid.
All right.
So here's the, here's the last, here's the second and last item in this segment that
I need help with.
What was it?
Help myself?
Help me help you?
Help me help myself.
I came up with that on the fly.
I'd say it's a take on the help me help you from Jerry McDoodles.
So, so when you, when you get it, when you get an Uber, a lot of my, a lot of my time
is spent in Ubers now, Uber, Uber, Uber cars, the non-taxi get a ride.
So one of the things that makes it a non-taxi ride is the compulsive insistence of the driver
on opening the door for you and it's especially annoying upon arrival because it truly slows
you down that you pull up and they, you know, okay, we're here and he's like scrambling.
It's, it's, it's, it's, they, they tell them or something.
Someone's telling people you have to open the door for them.
That's what makes it not a cab and it's, I keep, I, I, sometimes I have success by
going like, I got the door, it's fine and they're like, fuck, okay.
But like, you have to like assert yourself, you have to like deny someone something and
if you don't, if you just go with the flow, it's the most ridiculous thing in the world.
You pull up to a thing, a yogurt bin, wherever you're going and not the one close by your
house that you could walk to, the one that, the good one that you have to get a ride to.
The Crosstown Yogurt Bin, the, over by the bazaar, you don't want to take your own car
there because you know how the parking is at the Crosstown Yogurt Bin.
I'm going to drive it back drunk on yogurt through all those Burbank cops.
That's what they're waiting for.
There's like three, three cops right outside the yogurt bin, like, we're going to get them.
You pull up and then it's just, it's just, I don't know, what do you, what do you do?
I would say here, I will, I will give this advice to you if I could help you help yourself
on this one.
You're going to start taking Ubers everywhere and you're going to be, you're going to keep
getting out of the backseat of a car and opened by a gentleman.
Own it.
You want me to own it.
Start wearing long white fur coats and, and, and like, and, and like a nylon stockings
and like, kind of put my leg out so it's sort of the camera can pan up.
There you are.
Yeah.
Start doing some upskirts.
Like some, some, some nip slips, like really fucking get, like give us something.
All right.
I'll just make it worth our while.
I'll get like a prop poodle.
Yeah.
The, the, the high heel shoes with the goldfish and the thing.
Let me like do the whole thing.
I'll just always have shopping bags with me.
See, that might be useful if I get a bunch of shit.
I don't know.
All right.
Uh, my next segment is, uh, is called, uh, uh, Starbound, a video game I'm playing.
Starbound's great.
It's a great video game.
All right.
That was it?
Yep.
Wait, Dan.
Uh-huh.
You just learned how to help yourself.
You didn't need us to help you on that one.
No, no, no.
That's the, that's the, that's the old segment.
I know.
Oh.
That was the two different segments.
Okay.
Well, I mean, like I was just excited that you, that you've already like, you went from
helplessness to completely activated.
Oh, no, no.
Yeah.
I only need help with the Ubers and the Facebook.
I, Starbound, I'm good.
It's great.
It's a great game.
Did you give up on your, on your eye Harmon?
That you're not, I mean, you gave up on it pretty quickly.
Yeah.
I gave up.
Yep.
Yeah.
But, or high and hard, what was the deciding factor on no more notepads around your neck?
I just can't, it just wasn't working.
It just doesn't, if I have a, I'm using a new kind of app that works with Evernote that
my friend Kevin Day recommended to me.
It's called EverMemo and all it does is it just lets you put in a memo and it puts it
into Evernote for you.
Yeah, it kind of, does it, does Evernote roll its eyes when that happens?
I think, I think Evernote is like, is he, is he still using Evernote?
Like, we got him, like, like, yeah, it's kind of built on top of Evernote.
I don't get it anymore.
I don't like, just kill myself.
Just give me an app that's just like a rope that I can just kill myself on.
I just, you actually, keyboard doesn't work anymore, you can't type anymore.
They're just, they're just weeding people like me out, man.
For a while, you had the affectation of carrying around the little magnetic ball chain thing
that you can make little shapes and stuff and you were like, you were like a cute little
like savant baby at the restaurant and nobody bothered you because you were clearly making
a cube.
It looked weird, yeah.
Yeah.
It looked like I could strangle you with it.
Um, anyways, I'm still looking at this.
There's only one more thing on it.
I don't like Southwest Airlines.
I don't, uh, we went to Sketch Fest and I, I, I don't like this first come first
serve seating thing.
I don't like the weird combination between that and the, uh, you're in section A we're
going to call.
I don't, I don't, I don't get it.
I don't, no one likes to get on an airplane.
Nobody likes air travel.
Uh, they, they, they just, they cram you into this little tube.
You might die.
I know that you're more likely to die in the freeway, but you're also more likely to die
by your own hand on the freeway.
Like you must, you're more likely to have the satisfaction of skidding into another guy
making eye contact with them before you get decapitated and both of you going like, fuck
you.
Or, or just like, or just like, oh shit.
Like on an airplane, it's just, fuck it.
There's just some coped up Denzel Washington in the cockpit and you know, you're flying
upside down.
Cause you hit turbulence.
You don't know what's going on.
They could get over the thing.
Are they telling you the truth or not?
Is this some asshole up there?
Like some gas holes all around you, bossing you around, put your phone in airplane mode.
You can use it now.
You can't use it.
Hey, by the way.
I had my phone out of airplane mode the whole time.
Science experiment over.
The plane doesn't crash.
It's done with this fucking garbage.
I know they just changed the rules so now you can actually, ooh, you can have the things
on, but also what the fuck, why are they always bossing you around?
Why is everything a fucking caveat and a disclaimer items may have shifted in the thing.
What fucking asshole got knocked out by a duffel bag in 1938 that we all have to listen
to, you know, the amount of time put together that we've all had to listen to that fucking
warning about how items may have shifted.
What the fuck is going on?
Have you ever seen an item shift?
Have you ever seen anything fall out?
Has anyone ever gotten hurt?
Obviously one person did and they're so worried about that $15,000 lawsuit that for fucking
50 years they've been telling you about the item shifting, I just, I just hate them.
I hate them.
What?
Who's Billy Mays guy?
Billy Mays died.
The baseball player.
First of all, I can't, this lady means I can't see you.
Oh yeah, the, the, the, the cookie and infomercial guy, the ShamWow or whatever the hell, not
the ShamWow guy, but the oxy clean.
He died by item shiftage in the overhead compartments.
No, he died because his heart exploded from cocaine.
I mean, and also, but not only did you do that, Adam, but before you did it, I think
you went, really?
Like, like, like you were incredulous about mid rant.
You did fucking rant is, uh, interruptus.
Yeah.
I have, I have blue rant now.
My outrage just numb, hurts, someone's gotta give me a, gonna massage me with their hand
until I'm angry about something again.
I wish you all could have been up there for the show.
We did a couple nights ago in San Francisco where a fellow named Jeremy came out on stage
and then shit went just straight up.
Well, they've heard it by now.
They're, I mean, like, but, but Neil Brook, the guy that's shooting into the documentary,
said like, I hated that Eva girl.
And I was like, you wouldn't have, if you saw her, you would have hated the guy more.
Oh yeah.
There's a thing that you don't visit.
There's an oral versus visual experience you have with podcasts and live shows where, um,
nobody really had a problem with her that I could, I mean, maybe somebody did.
But as one, the audience instantly didn't like that guy.
And it was, and it was, it wasn't because he, you know, was, was wearing like a KKK outfit.
Like he was just, he was, I would qualify that and say, well, as I said up there, I
don't, I don't know how many people didn't actually decided that they didn't, they didn't
like him.
And I think that like a vast majority of people suddenly decided that they didn't believe
him.
Yeah.
But then, but then what, when it was like, well, it's, maybe he's just awkward or maybe
just this, but then it was just like, boo, I think that at some point they just would
rather him not have been up there or whatever.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I think if they all went out and had a drink with him after the show, like everything might
have been fine, but just as far as the moment somebody came up on stage and made it onto
the stage, that person ceased to be one of them and became somebody that they wanted
not up there as best paying customers.
Yeah.
I think everybody, everybody that comes to a harm attack show, they go like, you know,
they like the fact that somebody can come up.
They like that experience, but that person owes a lot to the audience because the audience
is sitting there thinking, I paid $10 to, I'd love to be on stage, maybe, maybe not.
But in either case, I'm not coming up there.
So what the fuck are you doing up there?
And you better, you better make it good.
And I think people are less prone to feel that way when they're listening to the podcast
than when they're sitting in the audience because they waited in line, et cetera, and
they can, pheromones and visuals, body language.
That's why that phenomenon of like in the early days, it was like, Adam Goldberg, do
you love him or hate him?
Is he a hamburger or a hero?
And I think it seemed like people that listened to the podcast were like, I don't mind Adam
Goldberg.
He's fine.
Yeah.
Cause he's like coming through one channel and, and you're just, you're just chopping
carrots and he's not fucking with that.
But you come, there's a difference if you're sitting in the crowd.
But here, you, you know that if, if you were chopping carrots and he could fuck with that,
he would.
It's been a long time since we talked to Adam Goldberg, isn't it?
Should we just bring him up and just like, like, let's just talk to him.
Adam, Adam, get up on stage, you little devil.
The crowd goes mild, I love it.
The ever increasingly tepid applause of bringing you up on stage.
Fine.
It's fine.
It's the, the joke was stale a year and a half ago and I'm fine.
You, so you hate stale premises?
I'm reinventing this premise.
You know what?
In the last year, I got an O from, I'm reinventing myself with this.
You haven't been up here long enough to start judging people yet.
No, you're right.
It's fair point.
Also you, and not to derail a derailment, but you, she made one little sound that was
the sound of enjoying a show and you, you have been for the last 10 minutes, you go
like.
I can hear you.
Robbo, Robbo.
Yes.
I, I, I, and it, it bumps me.
It means I've been rooting for you and Grimace for a long time.
Robbo, Robbo, but yeah, he did die from a, he was, he died because a bunch of junk fell
on him in an airplane.
That's not true.
Fox News, Fox News, the local Fox News says it's true, not Fox News, the international
one.
I would say his, his, his publicist wants you to think that's true.
That'd be the most, the worst day as a publicist where you have to be like, how did he die?
He was unpacking his suitcase.
I don't know how he died, but if he died because an item fell on him, it was a kilo of cocaine
and it fell into his nostril.
I would like to see, that's a, I don't know if myth, myth busters should address that.
Like how, like, can you create a situation where items shift enough in an overhead compartment
that, you know, how much damage can you do to a human being that's unwarned, you know,
and then the most important part is, now let's warn them and see what fucking changes.
Because what are we, am I, am I Neo for the Matrix?
If I know that the items have shifted, I'm going to like do a back bend and it's going
to bullet time over my shoulder, and what the hell is up there?
Oh, how fast is it traveling?
What the fuck is that?
Those things open like DeLorean doors.
They open like the gold wings.
What's going to jump out?
Like a fucking, does somebody have a, have a, have the monster from basket case in there?
Is it a, is it a, is it a, is it a critter from the, from the joke one guy got?
That was a, that was a Kumail laugh from the Roger Corman classic, right?
Is that just Kumail digging the shove in the background?
I didn't want to give you blue rant in the middle there.
All right.
Well, sorry.
It was the creature from Critter.
Okay.
So Adam, how, how are you doing?
What, what are you doing vocationally?
I started, I started my own business.
I do search engine strategy and optimization.
I make sure online stores actually sell things when they want to, which is important when
people only go to one website to buy things.
Honey, so, so, so Target comes to you.
I wish Target.
I know they don't, but let's say Target comes to you.
Someone opened this, it's like a, like a fishing expo in Minnesota and they're like, ah, people
aren't buying enough fishing lures.
We got 3% of customers buying them.
Can you get that up to six?
I'm like, yes.
So you look at the things that happen when you Google fishing lures and you see, and
you, you, you, what do you, I changed websites so that they, people aren't like, ah, I guess
I don't need a fishing lure.
Maybe the ones I have are good.
I don't want to click through 15 different pages as opposed to like getting coffee for
people and driving RVs badly, which was the last year of my life and producing that shark
movie, which everyone, I got fired from it two days after talking about being on it here.
And everyone got carbon monoxide poisoning because they rented cheap trailers.
And are you, are you still under investigation for that?
Have police eliminated you as, as a possible suspect?
Well, they, they Googled Adam Goldberg culpable monoxide.
Yeah.
Nothing came out.
They just saw a lovely fishing lure and they're like, all right, let's all go fishing.
He seems a little short to be on the Vikings.
I don't think that's, no, Hulk Hogan's daughter was like, this script is below me.
I'm not going to do it.
And then I got fired and then they kept making the movie and then I was unfired and then
I was refired.
It was just like continual panic attacks.
So when you see a shitty shark movie, it's not because they weren't trying.
It's because one person was trying and everyone else wasn't.
You were the guy that was trying your side.
I was.
We had, we're splitting an internet connection eight ways and I was hired into a position
two levels above my competency, which at the time it was minimal, but this was, hey
Adam, you've, you've been in charge of dozens of dollars before.
Where are we shooting?
I don't know.
What was the, what was your position on the shark movie?
I was production coordinator.
I thought it was going to be a decision.
Uh, it was, no, it was production manager.
I thought it was getting hired on as associate, uh, PC.
Is this you just nailing a phony baloney resume or?
I was like, Hey, my friend's making a skiing movie.
You want to do it?
Like, I guess I'm not doing anything.
Hey, production manager.
I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no, I don't know.
I don't want to, I don't want to.
You know, you are anything, but I just, you, you, you have a, you have a, you're a mover
and a shaker.
I got a feeling you ended up in a situation where you were over your head by your own
design.
You got, you got what you bargained for.
It's like I got more than I bargained for.
You slip into the back doors of limos and you're like, yeah, I know Ben Vereen.
Like, like, like, you just kind of like Ben Vereen.
Is that like a, for those keeping track of it, I'm Quincy and Ben Vereen are the, are
they, are they, are they, are they, are they owning my age?
You got, you got, you know, when, when you read Salinger, you probably have to look
shit up too.
He's worth it.
Wow.
Obscura.
I can't do it.
We just got, we just got, we just got defensively hyroated on the Ben Vereen reference.
Nothing would be worse than me than your uncle, your uncle trying to be like, what's going
on with Pokemon?
There's so many Pokemon now.
I can't, I feel old when I was like, it used to be not very many Pokemon.
Now there are very many Pokemon.
It's, you got to catch them all, right?
I can't.
I want it to.
I don't have, I run a business now.
I got to hire someone to catch my Pokemon.
All right.
Let's have a historic happy ending for an Adam Goldberg appearance and, and, and thank
him for coming up.
Thank you.
Adam Goldberg.
Thank you, brother.
I have, I would have had more questions for him, but we have, we have a lot of talent
in the show tonight.
There's too much show tonight.
Too much show.
There's too much show.
Not enough time.
Too much, too much energy.
Too much, too much entertainment in store for them.
Yeah.
They're going to, it's going to be coming up over the top.
There's going to be a meniscus.
I think that our, our show, the amount of show.
They're going to have to go like this on the top of the show before they carry it to the
table.
If you try to pick the show up across the table, it's going to end up in your lap.
Yeah.
You're going to have to, as gross as it is for your friends, you're going to have to
slurp from the top of the, of the show before you give it to them.
And I think that our show naturally counter balances the lack of lighting that we have
now.
I think we put, we put more show on the stage because it's just the one autopsy light.
The weird, the weird secondary effect of this diffuse kind of lighting that's made for
shooting is that I can't see anybody in the audience as usual, except for everyone in
the front row who are lit like the, the Kryptonian tribunal.
Exactly.
They look like they're going to, they're going to sentence me to the phantom zone or be sentenced
to the phantom zone.
I don't know, it was the same thing in San Francisco and comedy club.
There was this balcony and all the people were strangely lit in the front row of the
balcony.
There were these people sitting above you.
Yeah.
Can we, can we, I'll get up here.
Have a question for you.
You just, can we have Nanjiani everybody.
What have you wrought?
Hey, how's it going?
Because it's lit this way because of the good news that you're shooting your comedy
Fufu laser laser bomb show we're doing the comedy Fufu laser bomb show for
Comedy Central now we're doing the meltdown which I host with Jonah Ray
every week and we're doing it for TV so I apologize we're doing the hacky
riffing the set thing and we did it poorly and it's right no it's great can
I say something again I'm gonna piss I was talking to gorelly back there and I
was like it is if you're in a position to fire Adam Goldberg can you even bring
yourself to not do it like and then gorelly said they probably hired him
again to fire him again
like if you could fire him from this how great would it feel no offense bro the
thing is we the thing is theoretically we should be able to fire him but we can
it felt like they didn't fire him enough it was like no one was great they were
having a bad week they're like that day I fired Adam Goldberg I knew I did
something right that day I think that's what heroin must be like it is this
feeling of serotonin pouring down my spine you're just trying to reclaim the
first time you fired under under any pretext get him back in my office no
people don't know this but I gotta get that fix back yeah okay you fire Adam
Goldberg in the beginning because it feels good then you just do it to feel
like yourself but you know but then you but then you're you're chasing that
dragon it's never as good I can't even I can't even get through the day with
that fire falling asleep with the wheel and I only he done firing Adam Goldberg
I died with a smile on my face the problem is he'd also be your drug dealer
like you lay on him to show up yeah I get that you have to hang out with him
at a bar and shit I your segment is over Adam remember the happy
ending yeah I know I know we're just fucking with you because it's a little
part of the fun event I did laugh at your critters reference because I love
that movie and though it was one of the first movies that Emily and I watched
together critters yes it's sad as your brain dies the set was among the sad
things are that everything you're referencing this is me at 38 I would
say I was going like it's a bummer that everything in my brain that I used to
make a point is now absolutely unknown to most of the people that I'm talking to
the sadder thing is as you just witnessed at 41 I couldn't quite think of the
word critters anymore now that's going away I should embrace that just become
16 again and go like well well you know just get into fucking yeah lady boo boo
or whatever they're listening to and like me it's an invitation lady boo boo I
think it's my league Gaga
lady boo boo ironically or it's appropriate the only young hip reference
you know is the show you created that's the only and that's getting old no it's
not that's so it's good that it got old guys we spent it died young you would
have hated that set me a link I didn't get a chance to listen to it because in
the car that Ben Folds Ben Folds made a song about community or something miss
like what give me yeah no Ben Folds he did it yeah for the ass crack bandit
episode he did a really great low rent Leonard Cohen like a song like I got to
I got to talk to Ben Folds on the phone and talk to him about the concept and
then he he did this thing and one of our writers Eric Summers just sent him like
80 paragraphs of lyrics areas about dropping coins into
ass cracks and I think he literally put all of them into this incredibly
shamefully toe-tapping song like it's just like it's got all these hooks to
it and it's like it's about an ass crack bandit that puts quarters down your
butt and I but I I also I you know I jumped on the opportunity Aaron's a big
fan of Ben Folds bigger bigger fan than me certainly a better fan than me and so
I finagled an opportunity to go to dinner with him and and I would say I
don't think it's premature to say that that we're friends and that you invite
Aaron to yeah yeah yeah okay no but she's just sending her pictures of you
guys hanging out the weird thing is that I think because and I don't want to
overanalyze or suffocate this new relationship that I'm that is just
blooming but I think that the fact that I know nothing about music and that and
that he doesn't really know he's not a writer like is allowing us to be really
pretentious with each other in texts and like instant messages and things so I
could go like what do you mean you're practicing your concerto and oh and he
can be like well he doesn't have to worry because he's not talking to Warren
Zevon or something and for a good reason Warren Zevon writing that down did
you die in 1976 that's burning up the charts right I thought that was a
pretty good stab at somebody that might intimidate Ben fold well he's dead but
that's right but I got you know let me just let me just yell out over your
having fun mocking me I like I want to challenge you to see how obscure 70s
80s you can go Warren Zevon is like is awesome yeah I was great he knew he was
gonna die he got lung cancer and they were like you have like a couple months
so he recorded his last album it's called the wind knowing he was gonna die
and he's like all right well this is the last thing I'm gonna make and it's
awesome it's full of joy and like really funny and he has like a bunch of his
friends on it Bruce Springsteen it's a fucking great album the wind wasn't do
it who's the guy that that turned down that and that gig I think Ben fold's
turned it down he was it had to be Gene Simmons right yeah no man kiss doesn't
get the joke kiss doesn't relate to mortality kiss lives forever I don't
understand what you say in your diet he wanted to come sing on your album he
was a demon if you're dying it's probably my doing he when he found out he
was gonna die he held a press conference and this is before casino Royale came
out and he said in his press conference I just want to live long enough to see
the new Bond movie I hear they're taking it in a new direction and they did
casino Royale was great wow yeah he's and with that statement he took press
conferences and death in a new direction yeah that is a new way to handle
going out and then the other people at the Bond film like guys did you hear
that press conference fuck we better take this in a new direction yeah they're
all they're all standing there with with Roger Moore and an alligator puppet
and they're like fuck yeah Daniel Corey get in the gym right now somebody call
a casting director get Pierce Brosnan out of here speaking of speaking of
Bond obsession yeah if you've never met a guy with a bigger Bond boner or if you
have I'd like to meet him no I wouldn't I don't want to meet a guy with a bigger
Bond boner I don't want look everybody this is the worst intro of all time
I he's already killed on stage and he hasn't been on yet this is this is if
you haven't listened to the Super Ego podcast he's one of the geniuses behind
that and I've known him since seventh grade he's my dear friend Matt Gourley everybody
I'm as big a Warren Zephon fan as I am a James Bond really and my girlfriend just
bought me a Warren Zephon album for Christmas which album the lawyers guns
and money uh-huh yeah my god and you guys are back I'm back there and you're
talking about it and I'm just going well we're gonna we're gonna take a turn
now we're gonna talk about Pokemon what do you think Ben Vereen is that your
favorite Pokemon Ben Vereen what's one of his powers Pippin and Robert Keown by
the way every single thing you've talked about on stage I it was like a laundry
list of things that I've been thinking about today like the Uber thing really
yeah the uber thing the Facebook thing Quincy fucking fucks out west but the
uber thing I oh I hate that dude they're like trying so hard to get first of all
it's very hard to complain about a thing that a lot of people can't afford and
you literally I've made a sort of a cottage industry out of that sure but
you're also literally complaining our people opening too many doors for I
know I know I know I should I should I should have called this segment like
things I can't complain about blah blah blah but I wanted to change it up but but
I mean fuck it you gotta you gotta own it I'll you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna I'm gonna find a good charity I'm gonna start giving the fuck to it and
then I'm gonna complain about that like I'll something I can do to high road
people I can go like hey how many people have you fed this week yeah but I agree
with you because I think they're like twice they want to like try and talk I
was like I'll give you five stars just for not talking to me like don't make an
effort and I don't want to found sound xenophobic but bond villains from the
Uber driver all their names their names are yeah old olgar yeah I'm not joking I
had an Uber driver named stub north we got it we're gonna start this tumblr
blog before somebody else does driver names I take screen captures of my
got gore all gay all gay that's like who was a young very handsome straight guy
I got a Tejas Tejas yeah that's lift lift a big Latin for a bond
villain I couldn't tell if that was a last name or a share or a guy who's had a
long day and he has one joy and it's coming up with a hilarious new name
every time every day there's a lot of what looks like Karen but I think they
would prefer you pronounce it Karen that's a like a guy I don't know if
that's an Armenian are they all like like like Central like Eastern European
these types of a lot of Armenian lot of Eastern European and I had this guy
yesterday his name was eddick like Eric but with a D instead of the R cuz fuck
everybody and he was so sinister he was like you have to he was like you have to
give me five-star last week my rating for the deactivated me if my rating was
too low and he kept asking me like how are you doing my friend like it was
like every stop buddy keeps looking over and he goes just asked me do do you
expect me to talk I'm not gonna say it I was just like do you expect me to get
into your destination yeah but speaking of which that brings up an
interesting point because I was also like I kept one of my other complaints
about Uber which I've now dropped was that you the whole appeal of this thing
is that it's an app it's not a cab you hit a button they come get you they're
like a drone you know like like and and and and I kept complaining because every
time I did it hello it's it's it's Goron where do you what what address are
you at yeah and you do want to pick up a thing yeah this is sounding a lot like a
conversation between me and a cab driver at this point and and I was like
why did why do they have to do that and then my friend Wade Randolph Rick and
Morty writers said you know why they do that because in New York recently a
New Year's Eve there now it's like this is the thing about what the like
let's segue into this conversation this this brave new world with all the apps
that are revolutionizing capitalism they're also like kind of I mean they're
a little unregulated it's the Wild West and that's fucking there's crazy shit
happening it's like it's like gangs in New York with the fire departments like
that I think it was Uber that had the blood on its hands Uber did this to
lift they on New Year's Eve they had a bunch of people just order lifts and
send them to look for it to remote locations where there was no passenger
so the only person getting fucked over is is the driver who's who's makes no
money and how has they all these canceled fairs and they just they just did
this this is what I heard I don't know Google it and correct me on Twitter I
saw like a teaser for a piece and that and CNN and I didn't get to see it by
there was a little hubbub so when the guy calls you and says are you really
there like that's not that's how I perceive it yes I am buddy I am yeah I'm
here all over headquarters I mean Dan I'm always gonna be here okay I'm never
gonna are you going to break my heart I don't understand when I hear that story
I don't quite understand how the calling you and verifying you could still be an
imposter yeah if you're enough of an asshole to take money from a from a
from a web 3.0 limo service yeah I'm still at the Empire State Building swear
to God matter of fact my foot's bleeding now like why you know why not be
my driver never came your driver stub Nortz yeah sure
it's what his name is nice fella I can spell it for me against up you be just
like it sounds step north what is the most common spelling of step north is
he hungarian what is that I don't know I didn't we didn't have that stuff no it's
st u b n or tz fucking right on up north step north well I'm on that topic though
about drivers getting fucked over because of this new convenient thing
where we're all having guys open doors for us just one more thing this is how
I offset my way people problems like complaints is by sticking up for the
fucking man and say fuck the system then before I go home to my mansion and
jerk off into a laptop there was an article about some somebody went
undercover and did that went to it went worked at Amazon at one of their
warehouses oh I heard about this yeah and I have this is all second hand I
don't read anything I get all my news from someone in a writer's room and I
just trust them yeah but they were talking about this article this person
goes undercover and works for a while at Amazon and it and and describes it as
being like this insane Orwellian prison where because the technology now allows
them to track their workers with with laser precision GPS and and and hold
them accountable to every second of their time like like like you have 30
seconds to make this delivery like like like get this bin over to that bin and
if you every second over 30 seconds comes out of your pay or something it's
stuff that makes you wonder how could this possibly be fair and I guess the
answer is just because well who money's changing hands and wake we're not someone
was telling me at Disney World or Disneyland I know Amanda used to work
there I did too for 13 oh you did someone told me this somebody was working
then they said that they every day they rank every single employee in the theme
park and so you but literally everyone I know that yeah I am DB ranking where
yeah your star meter it's kind of like 12 years a slave a little bit like
that's what they did in that movie they took them to Disneyland I stopped
sort of it ends well it's a right call it's a very small world it's a cage
that's it I can't wait for it to get out a headline so comics stop making slave
jokes yeah I'm not jumping on you I'm just saying like we're all we're all in
bad we're all in trouble here oh yeah in our riffing you know all four of us are
going through ride puns for slavery I've got one from his no-space Mountain I'm
not doing it I'm not getting so much trouble I'm not doing just cuz I can't
think of one I've got five how we deal with trauma hundreds of years after we
wouldn't have suffered through it anyway I would be racist I just don't know how
you guys have you guys been on the underground Matterhorn it saved a lot
of people a lot of yeti's are saved I have four more I'm gonna piece them out
throughout the show okay okay I will say this I changed my Facebook profile to
like a comedian profile here we go friends to fans this is what I needed it
ruined Facebook for me everything stopped working nobody emails me there
anymore my wall is fucked because your friends are like fuck you well I don't
even know it converted them but now it's different so it's not like a back and
forth it's like they can say stuff to me but I can't really it's weird it's more
like a bulletin board than like a right thing that I can really do you get to
can you do two things where you're just like a regular guy or you have your
Clark Kent you can limit your privacy settings down to only people that you
say absolutely you don't have to allow the the entire world it's split mine I
have two profiles and I don't know what to do with either one because I had the
one and I converted it and now I have two and I don't know if the other one is
an old version of me or if it's someone else
pretending to be me we're gonna clean up this internet man we're gonna get some
kind of government to eliminate the neutrality of this thing that's crazy
stuff I it's too we need to get a net neutrality guy and I Aaron has a
friend who is passionate about this stuff Eddie Geller I think his name is we
gotta we gotta we gotta we gotta get some net neutrality people out here I
gotta get invested in that stuff too I gotta grow up I'm 41 years old I gotta
stop I gotta stop complaining about I don't have to stop complaining about how
much it hurts to jerk off and and how hard it is to have doors open for me but
I have to add some responsibility to that why does wait sorry we have we
have jerk off questions we have we have follow-ups hi Matt Gorley Newsweek
magazine why to why why does it hurt to jerk off follow-up question why am I
asking this I would I was I was being hyperbolic and thinking of the most
ridiculous thing that you can ever complain about would be it would be how
much it hurts to jerk off because I ostensibly the answer the question would
be that you jerked off so much I haven't experienced this since I was like 21
yeah where it's just like Sunday afternoon and you're just like more
all right yeah I'd like to see the rest of my time to my distinguished color
let's let's go till nothing comes out you said you were jerking off into your
laptop is that why Aaron got you a waterproof thing for your iPad again
it's just it's all hyperbolic language and yeah but many a truth is said in
just Dan well I mean you're a racist no Disneyland with their new ride did I
don't have any more shit he said he had four more I mean there was a pirate to
the Caribbean that I backed off on because it got weird what last month
okay now it's getting too dark all right that's it wait why why why was why is
this Disneyland ranking like this is what I heard I don't know like like Dan I
hear facts and then I take them to be true and then spread them and then add to
them and so just please cut out the stuff where I'm not sure about this just
to just so that you see like oh I'm only 135 I gotta get up top and then there's
certain people who are go-getters who are like higher up so you like get a
thing like like you were 200 today that's not good don't you want to be
higher than that like that kind of stuff do you know are they people voting for
each other or no it's because they can track like how much work you've done and
all this stuff but I mean how are they measuring and how are they comparing like
the guy that sells the ostrich legs to the guy that's running the roller
coaster okay I would have to go talk to the person who I don't I don't even
remember who it was it could have been a dream I once had yeah they never like
would come up to you and pin a little number on your chest okay you can do
better Jim come on we should have a segment people I get corrected all the
time I get I say five horribly erroneous things and pass them off I made the
mistake of looking at the internet like you get corrected on every little
bloody thing I miss we misspeak all the time word you should try doing a James
Bond podcast those people do not let a thing go by what's it what's it called
in James bonding James bonding yeah I can imagine they come after you with
actually you should not try doing it but I will say this there's another side to
that culture like like it's like this emerging internet age I think I feel like
Reddit is the represents it the most like a personality wise you know every
we've talked about every social every social platform has its own personality
tumblr is a is a very like a passionate young lady and and and reddit and
reddit is a very stoic guy in a Vulcan costume who's who's playing 3d chess with
with someone and I didn't mean to get gender-specific there and but I'll
hear about that on both of those platforms in very different ways yes one
with a both address it in their own way Instagram is a cat my account is but
reddit reddit has it's like like like so so for instance of like like if I'm up
here spouting nonsense and I go like you know you hear what happened in
Columbia all these five guys got chainsawed my cobra ate them and the
Amazon was responsible and blah blah blah not I just blah blah blah and I'm
drunk and I go home and I sleep like a baby I get up and look on Twitter and
people correct me and there's there's a there's a curator personality that's
has a higher sense of social and informational responsibility these are
good people these are people who protect us historically from people like
churches that are gonna burn women it's at the stake and things like that it's
a logic skepticism and don't don't don't go off half-cocked and like like
however and like the other side of that is this dumb Starbucks thing there's a
I went to the reddit thread discussing dumb Starbucks well it was like it was
eight pages of just a bunch of people not able to have fun with like the
simplest thing in the world but I don't know what's going I think I think their
point is that privacy laws were overlaps with everybody well that's not true
they were making that point then that wouldn't be a way to make that point I
think it's if it's parody that's an incorrect use of those it's just
everybody gathering around this thing and failing to that's just a whatever it
is I don't know if it's Nathan for you or Banksy or whoever the fuck it is but
somebody's telling a joke somebody's just putting dumb in front of Starbucks
and and and that's basically it you could you can have all levels of fun with
that but you definitely are never gonna digest that with the enzymes of
intellectual logical discussion and they actually missed out on something but I
also feel like the correcting even if it's not like that like I do a video game
podcast and that I bet rivals maybe like maybe even more we'll be like oh
Super Mario 3d world on the Gameboy advanced and 10 people like actually
that was on Gameboy color like what is anybody gaining from that I'm sorry we
miss both it's it's something that's written in the tweets it's the tone but
I heard a Goldberg correcting what I just said Goldberg is one of the he's like
cyber Christ he brings like he brings the phenomenon of getting corrected on
Twitter into real life can we call this show cyber Christ and Stubnortz
cyber Christ Stubnortz cyber Christ and Stubnortz and then we have to
actually write a play and do for our hundreds upcoming show we're gonna do a
live play called cyber Christ and Stubnortz okay okay what if we could
track down Stubnortz like is there a way to request a driver or something on
Uber I don't I don't know you gotta request a specific because that's the
thing is like by the way this happened once this is a city sorry go ahead Uber
thing Emily got it a person I we Emily and I were hanging out she got an Uber
driver he dropped her home he called her talked to her and then she texted me
like I'm home the doors unlocked to me but she by mistake texted the Uber
driver and she noticed and she said oh sorry not meant for you and he said no
no I like in our top story two straight weeks the
Uber bandit is still at large she locked the door from that on out my my
cackle is too is too non-sympathetic I'm laughing at the whatever at the terror
that is a bummer yeah it's a real bummer because wasn't I mean I mean again
that this might all be bullshit too and this might have been a smear campaign
wasn't it in the very early days of the bird there was some sexual harassing
going on or something or rapes that's that's worse I've never seen an
Uber driver with less than a 4.5 no they have to give them lower than that if
that happened to you right I reckon what is a rape star rating these days I'm
out I'm out the but there's a part of the system this is another thing that
kind of like well is that this is for the consumers benefit but then what kind
of terror are we creating among the worker it the the way it works I'm
told is that if they drop below a 4.5 they get there they can't they can't
get no Uber business no more ever again they're out of the club and so
they're terrified which is nice for all of us who have ever taken a cab over the
last 30 years it's a nice little slipper to put your foot in for a change of pace
a driver coming to pick you up who's a little frightened that he might not
satisfy you with your driving experience that's that's that's a welcome
welcome change but then you kind of over time you're kind of like well Jesus
Christ what is this you know like like I don't know I feel bad I never give
anyone less than a five now I feel like that's the new tip because I'm like well
he kind of was a four but what am I doing who am I like like what am I am I am
I Simon Cowell like I what do I know about driving fucking five you tried
you'd give it your shot it's anyways I'm done talking so the only rating you
can give them is either a five or I think that would get them fired yeah that's
the second highest rating you can give them well well I know it's average yeah
in a theoretical sense yeah I guess we need a mathematician to come up here and
but but but yeah you're you would be giving them a number that if everyone
else gave them that number they would be gone it kind of does it but I think I
guess they figured that into their algorithm that people are gonna tend to
give you a five I guess like I would not want to give in a number to someone
that would get them fired like no that's why you give them fives well that's a
like wake I've never I've never under I've I've I've I have had horrible people
wait on me in restaurants we all have we've all had they've been busy they've
they've been bad people they've been bad at their job I've I've never crossed a
threshold where I'm like here's your dollar for your tip like I always just
like I just go okay I'm because I've seen too many goddamn monologues and
reservoir dogs and all this shit about you know that it's part they get taxed
and all this stuff and it's hard for them and it's like I'm not gonna carry
that that relationship into finance so I'm tipping you 20% even though you suck
and I just hate you because you suck but here's your 20% and it becomes
systematized that's to say like here's your five stars you were 10 minutes late
and boy I'm really on a tear about something I'm not like blowing anybody's
mind by saying like like you like we've talked about before like you have a lot
of instant crisis like like sensation when you're talking with what you're
dealing with strangers or even with people that aren't strangers like but to
the extent that somebody is a stranger and there is a transaction that has to
happen right and I talked about this on Ali Georgia slumber party when I was when
I went on that this is like this is my Stanley rectangle in the upper panel
saying check out that issue of Hulk you know he fought the Submariner that's
that's why he's calling him fish face they've met before the I explain it
some more Dan the name more that's the name of the guy I'm sorry continue what
can I leave I know I know his name is Prince there I'm offended but anyways
actually it's Prince name I'm at my house in Los Feliz I order an Uber it's
like ordering honey in a beehive there's a lot of black cars in Los Feliz there's
a lot of limo drivers living in my neighborhood and and when and if one of
them's bad I he's not only my neighbor but he's bad and I can't I'm stuck in a
horrible position he has your credit card information he knows where you live I
don't think yeah I don't I don't extend it even way before that I don't think
he's gonna knife my dog or steal money from my
electronically I don't think it's like hackers or something I'm just saying
like I can't socially I can't I'm gonna see him again yeah and it does he know
that I gave him a that I'm they do know weighing his life and I'm on ISIS's
scales they rate you too do they yeah you get a rating too so will they not
pick you up after a while yeah if they don't they could see like I don't want
to I don't want this person they're only a 4.5 yeah is this your Disney thing
again do you can you back this up this is what one of one of the Stubnortz is
one of them yeah you know those people if you're if you're a person listening
out there podcast land and you don't know what dumb Starbucks is and your
city's not big enough to have uber and and you don't know who Ben Vereen is I'm
very sorry but fuck you a lot of we're on like our 89th episode of free
entertainment you fucking asshole Michael just keep chopping your carrots
you little bitch yeah you'll fucking get over it next week there's a guy named
Michael who didn't get any of the jokes who's eating carrots listening to this
and you just blew his mind about that like if you just took that one yeah
like like if you you have a TV show a basic cable and you just I think we're
talking about something Rick and Morty's room or faith healers do that where you
just like you just look out at the camera and just go hey Todd that's our
we're talking about having Rick like just look at the camera yeah at one point
and go like oh because we're talking about how people I'll over read it where
there was a recent episode of Rick and Morty where there was so many people
that were recommending you got to get you got to watch Rick and Morty but you
got to get high man you got to get high and then we did this episode where
Morty ends up burying his dead self from another time line in the backyard
so he takes place and Mazzie stars look on down from the bridges playing as an
MOS shot of him walking through his house observing a life that he does not
belong to him but that no one will ever notice that he's he's injured and I was
amazing the amount of people over the Internet like okay don't get high I told
you to get high when he wants his show man I'm telling you not to get high my
friend's dad okay so we were joking about how we're like like Rick could be
talking to see he's like I'm telling you Morty it's uh you know we gotta go to a
different dimension Morty and it's gonna be fucked up I don't recommend you get
high Todd Johnson and just look into the look at the camera and then it's just
like right that statistical oh yeah like okay there's two million people may be
watching it's like Todd Johnson eating your peas they're like let's just fuck
him up forever I watch a lot of I watch a lot of religious television late at
night and the faith healers on there I just good there's no better TV exception
included you they will do things like the faith who will look at the camera and
say there's there's a woman named Marjorie out there and she has a type of lung
cancer and I'm gonna focus on her right now and he went away of course either
falls on a Marjorie that has lung cancer or everybody out there is believing that
there's a Marjorie out there. That's like cold reading with no risk that's like that's
like that's cheating I never even thought about that it's all of course you can do that
though they used to do that on like romper room my mom told me about that she
said like there would be like a magnifying glass that they would pick up
and and look through it and they'd go I see Lisa I could see Lisa I could see
Tony Tony just stop picking on your sister so I guess that's yeah until you
start fucking charging for it who's the guy who was on TV and it was like
crossing the bridge or something like that crossing over Edwards yeah and he
would be like um I could send someone oh he's here his name starts with a T yeah
and I was imagined like the ghosts are there but they don't even want to talk
to these assholes you know like what's your name it's something with a T you
douchebag I really I was listening to the radio the other day and someone was
it was a numerologist on this is gonna sort of reveal maybe how close-minded I
am but he was talking about like if you take your birthday then you multiply it
by this and this and I got so angry listening to this guy that's not close
minded that's just being sensible not as close-minded as someone who listens to
the radio give your computer a chance it's got radio emulators on it he's
just mad at you because it sounds smart Camille I just didn't get it I just it
just bugged me so much that's crazy because I do think these psychics are
like they're praying on people who are in moments of weakness that's what they do
I think that's a really interesting point because it's like the guys in my
position so if somebody ever tells me I'm not allowed to that I have some
accountability when someone when someone tweets at me or it says like you made a
you made a polio joke on your show last night you need to not I'm offended all
this stuff my instant reaction is to go go fuck yourself you're watching TV wrong
you don't take it so seriously and all this stuff but I'm I'm I'm I'm I want
people to care about what I'm putting out there and and and and if there is
a responsibility Norman Lear knew that like like like he he's an example of
somebody that took that seriously said like you know what I'm making a sitcom
I can keep I can keep doing stuff the same way or I could make a sitcom for
black people like like like because I want to not because I see a huge profit
in it but because it's something seems wrong with what's well you know what's
being presented on television we're shaping people's brains as they're
watching it in today's three-year-old is tomorrow's 40-year-old and they're all
watching TV and they're all learning from it it's like you you high road that
when people are telling you what to do and you want to you want to fall back on
like you can't tell me what to do freedom of speech and all that stuff but
then you also like capitalize from it yeah but also sometimes like you have to
take every one of those instances at for what it is so and I do this podcast and
in the intro there was one time I had hiccups it was just a couple weeks ago
it was a five-minute thing and I'm I thought it was a funny thing I had
hiccups and I just did a five-minute thing this one guy got really really
angry at me he got really really angry at me and he kept like posting and people
were like what the fuck is wrong with you kept posting like it's his
responsibility to not have hiccups when he's podcasting I was like literally go
fuck yourself he thought you're being unprofessional like that yeah he should
have held off recording until you're done he said it grossed him out it's
fucking hiccups well so yeah I mean I'm definitely not taking that guy's side
but it's also it's like there are people who who like if you the sound of a
fingernail being clipped might might cause them to understand that then that
that that they bear that bird yeah I I have to live in a world where apparently
everyone but me is can't wait to see a close-up of a fucking hypodermic needle
go into a goddamn arm every single time on every TV show or movie any time
there's a remote excuse to do it they fucking love it I have to I have to I
want to vomit I can't stand needles going into veins like fingers being cut
too right you have a finger does that come up a lot not as well there's that
there's that what are you doing why is your little scar I coming out of the
finger that that that that Dan Ackroyd sketch where he's Julia Childs and it's
it's spurting those gags severing I don't like like I can't I can't handle it
it'll ruin my day and it's I do I do accept that I go something wrong with
me because everyone else is laughing so but does a fucking like every movie you
goddamn if it involves heroin if it involves if it's if it's if it's if
it's fucking dream on and and he goes and gets a flu shot they kid they like
why do you have to show it yeah I know it's coming I'm conditioned to know
it's coming and I and I cover my eyes like a baby when you give blood do you
are you dying I turn my head I and I start to sweat and I go I and the nurses
always go are you okay because I I'm having plasma sucked out of my body
siphoned out of my body like like like like I'm freaking out talking about it
I don't I don't like going to the doctor I don't want to be Jim Hansen I don't
want to die so I forced myself to go but I I I I I can't they did a doctor kill
Jim Hansen no no he didn't go he didn't go like if I if I if I didn't know that
that was possible that you could just die from not fucking going that I would
just be like fine I feel fine it's just a cold or whatever but I go and they
they they they they take that fucking cuff and they inflate it I learned in
health class I know what's happening they they they're collapsing the walls of
your artery that's how they take your blood pressure they inflate that cuff
until the walls of your artery collapse and then they measure the amount that
they have to release it until it reinflates allowing blood your viscera to
flow back through your own arm and they they record that as a number we're like
yeah I always have like I have very low blood pressure like genetically but I
have normal blood pressure because the act of taking my blood pressure makes
me think I'm gonna die then I start sweating they go are you alright and I
go just do it just fucking do it and you can they get off on the fucking they
love doing it I want like it would be so easy to torture me you could you could
torture me by making me better okay that could just strap me to a chair but
we're concerned about you you see you see you see pink it we're gonna take your
blood pressure I'll give you the blueprints to the White House don't take
my blood pressure I'm gonna freak out the taking of blood I can only get
through by pretending in my head and I'm not being hyperbolic I imagine in my
head that precisely that that I'm being interrogated by an enemy like that that
there is an that there is like an empire that I'm part of a rebellion and
they're trying to get me to tell them Todd Johnson don't get high for this
podcast right now I have to imagine in my head that I'm somehow that if I just
don't gel out like like I give up and and and run that I'm a hero I have to
like reduce it to that like stuff so that I so I just how do you make it through
the afternoon man that's the worst I don't go to the doctor every afternoon
I'm living on a razor's edge steaks are so everybody's got their got their things
man I'm I mine is having fucking fluid siphoned out of my body through a tube by
a bureaucrat so it can be sent to a lab that's me that's mine not anymore
siphon you know it's site they siphon it out of your body I know they suck it
and it starts to come out and then it goes into this is the this is the part
where Jeff goes I love to give blood I love it I love to watch it I know I
know this about him siphon is my favorite word
it's more of a section but he loved he loves giving but it's so weird that
when I when it happens I have to watch it because it's so fucking crazy oh they
also like I love how it's made and how do they do it and those kind of shows
like watching how they make those needles that's fucking fascinating and
then I go what if we took a little pointy tube and you put it in your fucking
body and then and then you're fucking stuff comes up it's awesome I mean it's
freaky but like you have to look at it was like I don't want to not see that
that's crazy yeah I never look I always look away and then and then I just can't
I gotta lay there and they're like are you alright I'm like I know the last
half of that statement is are you a pussy like I the answer is yes about this
but I'll tell you I'll tell you one thing if you if you if you tell me what I
can't write in my TV show I'll fucking tell you to fuck off I'm strong that
way people at home should know that Dan has slowly been taking his clothes off
while it's making it's making me lose weight thinking about you actually I'm
not joking you look a little pale and a little bit like a little sweat you know
what we should maybe take your blood pressure
is there a doctor in the house I am really well when I had that you know
who should we should have as a guest because she came to the show and she
talked to me after the show I the lady that gave the that anesthetized me for
my endoscopy you guys weren't as impressed by that Janice
no it's just I don't know I mean I mean well because I believe me I had to go
into a whole weird state of denial about having a my first actual procedure
done I had never been knocked out so did you get general anesthesia I got
specific to me yeah he didn't get everyone in LA
no did you get the actual military officer general anesthesia he comes in
and he can't afford that corporal aspirin I had my tonsils out and I was
going under and they put me on anesthesia and it wasn't the medical
process I was afraid of I was in a hospital where I didn't trust them if
while I was under something went wrong like an earthquake already it seemed
like chaos there was a woman across the way in her bed going you're gonna love
this another patient another patient what's the difference between these
places in a DMV exactly I don't know what they're doing
years of schooling at least two more years than the DMV deal you know what
I did with the last two years jack shit you can waste two years man I'm not in
medical school you can't add two years to the lady at the DMV and tell me that
that if my heart stops during my endoscopy they totally they tell you
they make you sign all these forms these are the forms say if you start to choke
to death on the tube just you can't you have to sign all this stuff because
because they can open up your chest on the on the well no no no that sounds
expensive that sounds like there's overhead involved you're signing the
forms so that your loved ones can't sue them when you die that's why being being
in the hospital during passed out during an earthquake is the safest place to be
at this fit no I know man they ditch they ditch you don't don't they took it
they took an oath that says they can't ditch you if you're if you're they don't
give a fuck no unless you have insurance no you get your surgeries done in
Orange County otherwise don't go there because I was in a hospital in Torrance
and it just felt like it was gonna die the hospital felt sick that oath that
oath don't hold up to no earthquake man I'm so walking dead you know how the
hospital was filled with people there were no doctor zombies in walking dead
when he wakes up in the hospital there's no doctor with a stethoscope going on I
want to I want to listen to treat zombies did I did I say on the show
already about my mom I like a year or two ago I had all four of my wisdom teeth
taken out that I'm talking about this and I woke up and I and the doctor was
gone I was I was they said beforehand do you want to be under local anesthesia or
general anesthesia I said I don't want to be in the same country as I like that
give me all you guys that happened to me last year do go ahead so I so I knew
that one of them was really impacted and gonna be trouble but yeah so I woke up
fine they say like kind of dress loose like don't wear like certain kinds of
clothes don't wear tight clothes don't wear this that because they might have
to like actually you know physically like move you around a little bit to get
like you had some sort of hammerlock hole to get the shit out and so I woke up
doctors gone there's the his assistant this woman was in there and I said how
did it go I said okay I'm like was it was it was it hard she's like yeah it
was a struggle I'm like how bad and she was like it was it was like it was hammer
and tongs man I was like it was she showed me my teeth yeah were they on
her necklace there's just a Turkish World War II soldier comes out of the shadows
he's wearing here it was they didn't look like teeth I'll say that much those
were in my head for how long that says more about you than I hadn't gone to
Dennis a long time like three were fine I thought one was laying sideways so that
one they really had to get in there was some fucking Byzantine shit and fucking
really do you remember when I had no I'm gonna do this now okay no real quick
though I this is not a joke I had defense wounds on my wrists and my belt was
off okay one of those it was not a buckly belt it was one of the kind of
snapping you know like oh it wouldn't take a whole lot I'm like what one I
like like she's like he really had to like I think there was a point you had
to really like my shirt was all fucked up there were wrinkles like like
Colombo could tell if a bed has been slept in there could tell there had been
a foot on my chest like he was on me and like we're bringing up the fucking
heavy artillery and the only way to make a tooth in that many pieces is to get in
there was just absolutely like oh man and then he didn't tell me he told me during
the x-rays he goes one of your roots because you're so old now you should
have just done when you're 18 now that you're 36 or 78 whatever I was you have
to the root grew up your upper one it's right up to the edge of the sinus wall
which is a very thin thin bone you know boy like they feel it sees that a lot of
people have this to have this dentist stuff that that's the thing so he said
he's like and I'm not that skirmish about this I didn't like the sound of this
but he was like it's possible that when I take it out it might perforate the bone
there there might be a little tiny hole in there if it is it'll heal up it'll
take longer to heal than the teeth and but he goes but this is paperwork on if
it happens probably won't and you're you're healthy enough to the bone will
regenerate and it take a month if it does happen but don't worry about it too
much so I get home I'm on every sort of medication I was just absolutely shit
canned on whatever they had given me and my friend drove me home and I'm reading
my paperwork and I'm changing the gauze and I get some like some broth or
whatever I'm eating for my first meal and you're not allowed to swish your
mouth or anything and so I kind of lean forward and I was in the sink I had a
mouthful of soup and I lean forward and my soup came out of my nose because
there was a little hole in the top of my mouth and I called him up in the middle
like what the fuck is going on but you're the guy that can blow air out his
eyeballs too I can't anymore why because the hole is gone no you know I told
him about that I can also you know what else is going I took out my fucking
wisdom teeth I used to make a dolphin sound that would wipe you out I remember
that can't do it now don't sound gone I would have thought about that if I had
a chance but also the thing did heal up for a couple days he's like oh so just
here's the thing don't blow your nose and do not sneeze for a month any more
involuntary shit that I should know about like no breathing if you have to
sneeze do it with your mouth as wide open as possible what does that look
like that's like the first act of speed like somebody that's kind of
vendetta against you has rigged your head look I also want to talk about the
fact that I have I have what are consistent with defense wounds on my
forearms from whatever fucking crisis went down in your office all right
somebody's got to be the bad guy so that we can get some good good good we can
move on to the good stuff I met off real quick I think he was next but
mine's not important I did I see no you go ahead oh wow it's like a Mount Rushmore
of deferral yeah no no no go ahead we should bring shouldn't we that's what
I'm saying Spencer at his pension credit everybody
let's get this sausage party continued I need I need I need to clear something
up when you sneeze and turn it into a yell it sounds like because there's no
chew yeah it sounds really awesome actually like you're like a super
saying or something why why do you know that because I've done it before it's
really funny why'd you have to do it because it's just you know you know
he's so monotonous if you're just doing it the same way oh yeah I know I'm over
the way I know right he's a lifehacker yeah because you you when you sneeze
you're taught to condense it but if you really just stand in a field and let it
go it's something cathartic you sound like a polar bear I almost always
stifle my sneezes perfectly ago like that yeah I feel like that must be bad
for you I've always you know it goes into your brain this not goes into your
brain don't look it up I mean I don't think that but I just feel like that's
what I was told as a kid that's definitely not true well they say like you
know anti-perspirant it's bad for you it's blocking your your sweat glands with
you know what's the difference between that and stifling a sneeze I ask you
don't answer move on Spencer how's how's how's how's life at home I just got
back I saw my cat again it was nice so we were at sketchfest not too long ago
who takes care of your cat while you're out of town I got Jackson there's my
roommate to feed him see I don't see him around here he used to come to the
shows a lot like how do you how do you know he's a good cat sitter I don't
know I just well I mean I took all the guesswork out of it I had measured out
the food and put them in bags and taped them above the cat bowl and then I
labeled them with times and dates because a bunch of ten bucks the hour
before your flight came back they were all going in the toilet yeah empty bag
time yeah it's like a cop breaking down the door of a drug dealer he's pouring
it down all down the toilet I mean she was still alive so I'm good do you fly
a lot Spencer I mean I don't fly none I before I worked at Apple I worked at a
small bookstore and occasionally like two or three times a year I'd go and fly
out to book conferences which are kind of like comic-cons just for ran random
books it was a chance to see a big bookstore yeah what people dress up as
their favorite books but the actual book yeah I don't want a dog pile and
everything you say but was it a do they sell small books or is the store small
is it like pamphlets and booklets or yeah and short stories all right
continue until you say another combination of words that my ass burgers
can jump on but I would just go and they'd sell books for cheap because it'd
be like publishers trying to get down their stocks and I just go and buy like
several booths and I'd you know get them all packed up and ship back to the main
office oh so you would go buy them at fairs and then sell them for a profit at
your yeah was there like a community of people that did this would like to do
all up the same TJ Fridays like it like you're like not that I knew I'm sure if
I did it for long enough there would be and then but I think they're all enemies
it's like you know pond stars where it's just a bunch of trashy people selling
garbage like and they're just elbowing each other for a porcelain duck but I
mean it's if you're if you're making a living off of selling like reclaim
stuff I don't know I don't know you guys I don't I don't love pond stars because I
always feel like the people who are selling the stuff are clearly in need
like they're in a bad place they're selling shit and then these guys are
like talking to the camera like I got it for 300 bucks I'm gonna sell it for
$4,000 like and these are clearly rich people it always bugs me that it takes
the side of the people who are clearly the big bad guy and it's really not
adding value to anything I don't think I'm sure I'm wrong but I mean you could
be like a building a bridge is it supposed to be I've seen it like
flipping through the yeah that yeah that you know your TV channel guide thing
I've never watched it is it supposed to be I'm just realizing now is it supposed
to be a play I come porn stars yep yeah dumb dumb oh dumb that I didn't get that
but still dumb yeah that's a bold stance yeah porn stars porn is the only on
industry I think where every single performer is a star right when you
start right that's nice nice check off stars well I mean what about amateurs
right aren't they still just amateur porn stars yeah they're amateur porn
start they're on the pro am sure yeah you're either not a nothing or you do
one porn and then you're a porn star it's right some famous old actor like
Clint Eastwood or someone like that is like I'm porn star I said I go I there's
no porn get like like walk-ons or porn extras everyone's about here's some
actors I keep saying anything that's stupid like there are there's porn
extras that's just not a joke not being funny yeah but you but you said it with
an ominousness that that freaked me out the truth can be ominous there are no
small parts in porn definitely no small parts the there was a producer I talked
to what she was who's he can't really mad at one point when I've on this rant
about how you ever notice that it's always the it's always the best boy or
the key grip that has the funny nickname and the credits like fuck you the
current Russell's in this movie what is the why is the guy pointing the light
of them guys oh it's the he's the Terminator fuck you that's kind of funny
yeah it's funny how mad he was funny like I'm obviously pro-labor if you
rewind this podcast and listen to it clearly yeah I think it's great that
the best boy should have a funny nickname like Stubnort and also make
yourself known to us Stubnort listen to hear me Stubnort Stubnort can you
find me that's his first name yeah it is because they all go by their first
name his last name is Dan Stubnortz Dan get in your Chrysler LeBaron and
drive to me oh god he's like the fucking golden ticket of Uber drivers now
if somebody gets them nor should I got Stubnortz yeah that's amazing if he gets
Stubnortz yeah if anybody gets Stubnortz tweet that shit take a screen grab
take a picture I wish I had a screen grab all my all the Uber drivers now and
I'm like and I'm gonna I'm gonna get on this is that not a tumblr it's gotta be
I think we're the guys to start it yeah we're the playboys that are that are
chatting around in Ubers I I followed this weird tumblr the other day called
and Englishmen is anybody heard of this okay so it's just a bunch of Tweety like
Roger Moore Englishmen and then I think it's called and Englishmen because at
one point every three days they'll just be a naked black lady and I think what
they mean is like naked black lady oh and Englishmen but consistently every
couple of days who's it who's it for most of all apparently me and then me
again when you really find out yeah I don't know is that a cleaning service
what are you talking about no it's a tumblr oh and it's just and it's called
and Englishmen and you think you're getting just tweeds and equestrian
don't ask me why because that's your that's your afternoon because the guy
so he started been calling an Englishman and then he was like yeah but I
really like this naked black lady and then actually that's not an Englishman
there's a there's a trailer account called a coffee dad you guys follow it's
a coffee dad it's it was it was just a guy holding a coffee older man and for
three months it's just him get another cup of coffee hot cup of coffee cup of
joe it's that time of the day hashtags right yeah for three months and then one
tweet was every time I close my eyes I smell your hair I miss you my son and
then three more months of going to get coffee time to get coffee and then like
I'll never forgive myself is that just is that just Dana Gould being funny on
Twitter or it's somebody being funny but it's amazing it's three months of
groundwork every day for like pay off for so few people how was that
discovered like I don't know you got to stick with that for three months three
months and every month for sale for you for that first three months like they're
just they're short it's just like hashtag having space coffee it's like
just a he's like a middle-aged guy who doesn't know what Twitter is and
just likes coffee a whole bunch it's kind of amusing yeah until he talks about
yeah I'm saying were you following them that before that became a funny thing to
go no I followed it one after the dinner mom all right I think they're
demons let's let's let's do some Dungeons and Dragons what's that supposed to
mean I don't know that's French I do like that a guy named Camel non Gianni is
making fun of people for having weird names for an hour the hunters become the
hunted yeah I've turned stuff north there's a new sheriff in town and his
name is slightly less weird than yours but you have you have a you have a weird
name but it's it's it's it's like it's like a beautiful starburst roller coaster
like it doesn't there's no speed bumps on it it's like it's like it's like water
trickling over polished stone that's what it what does it mean does that mean
that it really actually doesn't mean water over polished loosely translates to
stubborn arts my biggest one there is no translation for stuff it's like shot
in Freud this was this character sheets for Matt thank you Camel one of my
deep regrets in life is that I've tried because I once in a while what if I'm
telling a story that involves somebody I'll try to do it like a mild impression
of them not to like mock them or because I'm so good at impressions but you just
try to kind of do the voice I wish I could do your voice because your voice
is delightful I can't I can't get anywhere close and when I kind of come
close I'm doing it way wrong and it's offensive it's not offensive I just
can't get though there's there's the lilts of the voice that I can't quite do
like give me something to say to practice like give me a give me a like a
word to practice on so I could like start honing my Camel and what's a good
word that would be anything that I can't I can't I can't do something yeah I
can't do something I can't I can't I can't dance I can't dance no no I go a
little bit like like Punjab buddy go for it's not willful I could talk like that
I'd never stop all right Spencer yeah start talking oh last time on Harmon
town the party was in dire straits chained by their very souls and in the
clutches of undead bureaucrats after the bone sages of tourma tour enacted the
mysterious rites of tell him Varna they began the proceedings by shouting and
asking for the guilty party to reveal themselves immediately Mulraine Sedona
suffering from a rash of poor life decisions came forward confusing and
bewildering all quarks struggled against his chains and managed to sever his
ties but that only began a countdown to the total eradication of his very soul
I keep saying very souls in this thing cap with their very souls captive in
their muscle on a death timer how would they escape the rights of tell him Varna
and their own collective death which which death collective death wish find
out blah blah on the next blah blah yeah so you guys hungry I could really go
for a nice collective death which really top of the top of the show bottom of the
D&D top of the D&D show notes quark you're still about ten minutes from
dying Sharpie you're a chained cloud of gas oh right thank you so is a cloud of
gas yeah he turned into one on purpose yeah yeah you don't turn into a cloud of
gas on accident no but was it somebody else hexed him or he is trying to get
out of his and I had these these soul chains that go into your our bodies I
ripped it out and I felt like my soul was leaving so I put him back in and then
I tried to sever the thing and then they're kind of just retreating into my
body like a fuse and I've got about 10 minutes or so before something probably
life-ending happens what's Christopher DeBurke doing now you're also chained by
the soul okay so yeah you guys are all in this all up in this you know broken
dead shirts surrounded by all these hooded undead dudes there's the bone
sages you know tour mod and second tour second tour speaks since the accused has
already made a mockery of our law we will appoint a special defendant for
your shackling of course this means that Lenev will be granted power of special
pierce persecutor in return bring out the special defendant special defendant
hi I'm skeleton Gary and I will fight for you I'm from the law firm of femur
phalange and Shapiro femur phalange and Shapiro the only case you're gonna see
is my rib cage when you're buying me drinks and the beer is flowing through
it because we've won our case let's fight for you this is great so he's our
lawyer yes yes he is I will convene a brief recess if you want to catch him
up on any trial notes or anything that you might want him to know yeah anything
you want to disclose to me would be of service okay I have an evil demon inside
of me check I am a I'm a short barbarian no I know who has a 10 minutes to live
yeah all right this this whole thing got started because I'm an alcoholic is
given to rage a holism and I perceived a threat with okay now talk about your
character that's not really I mean come on good this rapport we can use this
I'm gonna like this good the I perceived a threat when this Lenev guy he's we
said are you cool are you our friend and he said yeah I am we said how do you how
do we know and he said well I'm not eating your face I thought that was I
thought that was a threat I see I thought that I I thought that meant that if we
stepped over the line I thought that was him saying I'll eat your face if you if
you if I don't if I stop like yeah we got off in the wrong foot with with
Lenev and now things are bad so wait he said if you you you thought he said if
you cross the line he's gonna end you and so you decided to cross the line
preemptively in self-defense we'll handle this what right does any being
have to draw those kinds of we leave that fucking discussion I've got ten
minutes to live we've been through that well this could be the crux of his case
that's why we're here that's what do you think Lenev is gonna be talking about
out there it's not a big misunderstanding we didn't mean to kill the whole
village also we several overtures several friendly overtures as he got mad
time and time again we extended friendliness to him he took us back to
this place and and after it was clearly established that we were friendly he then
announced that we were bad people and that's why we're soul shackled because
believe me I wouldn't be here do you know anything about Larry do you know
anything about the rights of tell them Verna that's that's what I did my thesis
on now I don't want to worry you this is my first case I was a boat repairman for
I don't know 20 years and I did law as a hobby I'm a hobbyist lawyer but what
go team we're gonna do your day job your day but day job is still repairing both
well I don't get paid for it anymore I was fired why it my boats would sink
well don't think this boat
wouldn't have recesses over recesses over oh recesses over say the three bone
stages one at a time we shall proceed now special persecutor speak Lenev
whenever I'm thinking here but every time you say persecutors and a prosecutor
Adam Goldberg corrects you from the audience yeah it's like an old like a
cartoon when I was a kid gag I'd give credit if I knew what it was anyway I
just wanted to point it out so it doesn't happen all night
Lenev he addresses this this circle of hooded figures kind of standing around
you guys he says gentlemen you'd no doubt remember how we all came together to
stave off the dark admirals demonic sorcerers as well as how you rallied
with me to break the siege of the frost giants and their necromantic king today
we face a similar challenge in recovering from the artisan disaster I
scarcely need to mention the hundred of lost lives but despite those most
giving of rib who devoted eternity to staving off the inevitable decay I tell
you we will rally again and we will carry on but not if we allow these maniacs to
continue their rampage you stand before the four culprits of the destruction of
the artisans annex and the murder of our most valued craftsmen and we will have
vengeance the ring of hooded bodies hisses and stamps their feet bones
rattling in rage okay I huddle with the guys who are the artisans that we killed
yeah this is your first case yeah I mean I've done some model United Nations
before but it's all right can we remind these people that we did everything we
but we killed Admiral Darkstar we were responsible for everything good that's
happened in this region and it was his palace that fell down on all the artisans
over the cross examination we've got this we've got this no that's not how
this works what okay the cross and examination shall begin shortly I mean
now all right the defense would like to call to the stand quark please yes
hello now my name is quark how are you feeling today I not not so good I why
am I doing your accent I don't know I feel like shit I got a I got a I got a
soul chain fuse tickin did I down in my chest there you have it first of all we
have a medical expediency that we need to make sure is is is in is there a jury
ah no just just a judge there is a council yeah the three bones ages oh
okay all right yes like the Superman guys the guilty guilty exactly all right
we have a don't use that word so much we have a medical expediency so I will
ask you to take some sort of leniency and and consider that now thank you very
much you've been great lie down okay thank you welcome I'd like to call to the
stand Sharpie yes Sharpie are you in fact a corporeal body right now no I'm
made of gas at the present time would you say you're a big ball of gas I mean
I a lot of hot air why blustery wind that wouldn't mean anything sincerely you're
joking your chesting a lot yeah but I'm not always this way but but but you are
now right you have been in the recent past yes so it would be difficult for
someone to take say a comment or a threat seriously and if they did that
might be on them yeah well if you're I mean I just turned to gas like five
minutes okay sidebar sidebar okay he's trying to help you yeah but I mean I
can't I mean they weren't gonna buy that yeah but he was taking the I like when
he was going with that I was taking the physical form and he was making a
bigger metaphorical point yeah I will continue though you are now physically a
ball of gas and you weren't at the time is it not true that when you go through
some sort of transformation you get like when you're drunk you become your true
self you you have now turned into what essentially your essences and that's a
wag a gesture just someone who who has a good laugh I am an alcoholic and I have
a problem with authority if that's what you're asking do they all do they all
have to be sentenced individually as a whole can we can we cast one aside
throw one to the dogs I was asking the judge yes okay good all right Chris I
call to the stand Chris de Burgh hey Chris what the fuck is going on okay
here's what happened yeah I don't know these guys that well I like this I like
and and I have literally been fighting them for the last few hours I asked them
I've been vomiting on their faces because you're possessed by laser eyes at them
in an effort to get them to stop killing all the artisans that they've been
talking how did the castle fall down isn't there a castle yeah we we killed
Admiral Darkstar because he because he had it coming yes oh yeah everybody
agrees with that your honor he did great service for land oh yeah we wouldn't
even be having this conversation because we will be dead he'd still be alive we
don't be on the run from Admiral Darkstar instead we destroyed dead if not dead
already yeah instead of everybody being dead we just killed all the artisans let
me rephrase that instead of everyone being dead because of the good we did all
the artisans are dead your honor there's a term in warfare and government's called
collateral damage that the needs of the many are greater than the needs of the
few and I think that's what we have here and if you fail to appreciate that you
might as well your your your justice in your malls might be as dead as you would
be if Darkstar was alive I think he is alive I think he's possessed
Chris de Burgh I think that's why he's being an asshole we never saw him die
we killed him and then a giant robot and we ripped his head off there was gas
everywhere I don't know what the fuck and then I think Admiral Darkstar is
still alive and I certainly know he's alive in the hearts of all you assholes
if you continue to be dicks to us because because that's what Admiral
Darkstar wants he wants us fighting each other I hate everyone okay I'm still
on the stand can I say I am not possessed by Admiral Darkstar but maybe he
wasn't such a bad guy right all right all right all right all right all right
maybe he had some good points now your honor your honor no yes what huh there's
three of them your honors it's yours honor yours honor all right I'm I'm
going to invoke a little-known car to sell of the legal book called the Kansas
Clause where the house falls on a witch it's not the house owner or occupant or
visitor's fault they were merely going about that day they did they did can you
prove any intent to kill at at at worst this is involuntary manslaughter not
artisan murder but put that out of you you try out of brains and look at these
faces first let's start over there look at that face yeah look at that look at
that salt and pepper beard the sweet disposition the very fear of having
blood drawn same face by the way that spit in your beloved frost giants eyes
so all right you know all right you love them so much shut your prison hole let's
take a look at Christopher look at that face let me tell you something I went to
college with a man who had killed artisans he was a big brawling man he
had studs he had pink in his hair he was a punk rocker that was an artisan killer
look at that listen to him speak say the word I can't I can't even do it I can't
even do it I can't dance it's so sweet now we have we have a limited time over
here am I stone a barbarian rager now no please no okay he's weak he's fragile
he's sickly he's I don't want to die he's you're not gonna want to die Larry do
you want to do this to him look at this face now there are three of you there
are three of them and what I ask you is that if if all of you are going to find
them guilty you have to find all three of them guilty but all three of you must
find one innocent little lamb among these three and if there's one certainly
there could be three
don't kill them let them live and I will tell you this if you let them go they
will bring you back the head of the of the marsh minotaur
hello go with me who I know is the scourge of the Jesus Christ there's our
next one though yes he's the scourge of the of the flea market Hills he's been
going in there every Sunday when they have their little farmers market and
taking the goat cheeses and the artisan breads and he's taking them for
themselves the poor peasants they they they need to be rid of him if you see in
your heart to let these three go they will bring you the head of the marsh
minotaur absolutely might guarantee and then if they don't lock them up and
throw away the key send them into the pits of skull door send them into the
sex caverns of Jambi died send them to the dungeons of Stubnortz for all I
care
but these people are not guilty I rough I rest my case no further questions
Attica Attica you are out of order so the bone sages they deliberate they
deliberate they the grumble and groan and talk to each other for a while and
they're like that guy in his fucking goat cheeses he has been a thorn in our
side well you guys have made really good points I'm actually quite astonished
you came up with possessions and all sorts of reasons why they might not
totally have been in their right minds and it seems like did you mention that
they killed Admiral Darkstar you serious about that yeah as a great service to the
land even you couldn't do that Lenev is a pussy willow he's been titty bitched
and he can go screw I gotta admit when he came in here hissing and yelling I
was I was pretty perturbed by that whole thing yeah he's a little bit of a fuck
face I was surprised when he brought us in it was it was it was it was actually
impressed that he belonged to you as a people and it didn't it didn't mesh I
mean he's a still a great warrior and a hero to our how do we know that it wasn't
Lenev that killed the artisans and is trying to pin it on us we don't well
then that that that settles it uh bring out the beast of burden and tell him
Varna shall finish what tell him something resembling a a large maybe
like a like a cow sized fleshy six-legged a pillbug like a pillbug but
fleshy fleshy trundles into the church in tech yeah but like a roly-poly that's
a skin tag that's what's happening trundles into the church and kind of
stands in front of you guys before you see his head kind of head flesh it peels
back and reveals a strange skull and the skull gives a screech and then
shatters and it falls dead look tell him Varna is over there's the shackles
vanish Jesus I thought that was gonna go a different direction I think I think in
the skeleton justice system it's better to let one man go free than not have 10
potato bugs skulls shattered something like that you shall you shall take care
of the Marsh Militar okay is that negotiable or hey are we locked in did
you not see the beast of burden just now we saw we did make a promise not
negotiable oh okay I I gather the our little group together and I shake Larry's
hand I said I gotta be honest Larry I didn't think when you started that you
were you had what it took but you really gave him a speech out there Larry did you
were you making up the Marsh Militar yeah I mean that was just bullshit right no
that's a real thing that is fearsome wait till you get my bill
that's a closer oh yeah large yeah skeleton lawyer closer
thank you 555 293 I'll fight for you I did it for them I can do it for you
skeleton Gary Matt Goli everyone
Kumail Nanjiani Spencer Crittenden I'm Jeff Davis thank you Adam once again
everybody here at nerd now one more time for your mayor of Harmontown Mr. Dan
Harmon Aaron will be back next week I love you Aaron sorry you're not here